I used to love her
but I had to kill her!
I had to put her...
6 feet under...
and I can still hear her complain!
Ran:  Shaving on the bullet train...
It's no wonder everybody thinks you're some kinda hobo!
Kogoro:  It's not my fault
I was busy with a client all night!
You got drunk, and fell asleep in the doorway!
Hmph, and why the hell did we bring him along, anyway?
Ran:  What?  You wanna abandom him?
Kogoro:  Well what about them?
Ran:  They think they're main characters.
So... they kinda snuck on board.
Shinichi:  Weird, they weren't here in the manga...
I-I'll be right back!
Shinichi:  IT'S THEM!  The guys who turned me into a kid!
Well I swear, in this episode...
I'll do whatever it takes to get my old body back
AND STOP YOU ONCE AND FOR A-
Ran:  Conan!  Come sit down like a good little boy!
Conan:  Yes, Ran.
You are SO busted!
Ayumi:  I'll get it!
Conan!  You shouldn't be making trouble!
It's punks like you that make grownups hate me!
You should wrap your gum in paper and throw it away!
Shinichi:  Brown-nosers!
That's an even better spot!
C'mon!
So Conan, what was that gum for?
Conan:  I planted a listening device so I can-
Bored alrady.  I'm gonna go eat!
Food!
Shinichi:  THEY'RE HERE!
Well I guess now's as good a time as any to kick their...
Wait... that's not them.
This is nothing like the manga
God Dammit!
Guy over glasses:  I can't wait to get off this lousy train!
Shinichi:  What the hell?
Oh, I forgot to turn it off.
Otokonoko jusu o nonde imasu
Guy over glasses:  Would you cut that out, it's annoying.
Konichiwa!
Seriously, enough!
Gohan oishii desu!
Grr...
Over Glasses:  Rosetta Stone ha, nihongo no gengo o masutaa suru
koto ha nai, ichi shuukan ha, baka mitai
G-g-gyunu?
Guy over glasses:  Maybe I should just leave you here so you can experience a japanese bomb!
Shinichi:  I knew they were up to no good!
Train Announcer:  Now ariving at, Nagoya!
Let's go stupid!
Bonzai!
Shinichi:  I gotta stop them!
Waaait!
Ran:  Not so fast, this isn't our stop!
Let's go!
Forget it.
Ran:  Get back here!
Shinichi:  I gotta warn somebody.
But who... WHO?
Conan:  There's a time bomb on the train!
Ha, yeah right.
And I'm the masked Yaiba.
Shinichi:  Assholes.
Hey Conan, can we help?
I doubt it.
I heard there was a bomb in a black briefcase
on the second floor of car 7!
Shinichi:  I dont' even wanna know how you found out.
Hmm, four people with black briefcases.
Hey mister, can I use your computer to check my stocks?
No, I'm busy raiding, now f[beep] off!
Please!
I SAID [beep] OFF!!!
Oh don't mind him, he's just a big nerd.
Wow, nice view!
Shinichi:  Crap, locked.
I thought I told you to f[beep] off!
How are me and my guild supposed to defeat Onyxia
if you keep distracting me!
Conan:  Hey mister, do you have a bomb in your briefcase?
I love disney land!
Uh... sir-
I just soiled myself!
Shinichi:  ...next.
Let's see, gold watch, gold ring, gold glasses expensive suit
[disgusted] WHAT A PIMP!
Excuse me sir...
I accidentally my paper plane.
Can I go get it?
[grunts]
DON'T TOUCH THAT!!!
NNNOOOOO!!!!
Hah, I should play baseball!
Genta, please.  Be very careful!
How many times do I have to tell you to shut the [beep] up!
Wow, talk about stupid underware...
My mama/sister gave me those.
Pimp:  BOTHER SOMEONE ELSE!!!
[kids scream]
Remind me to BEAT you all when we get home!
Shinichi:  Time is running out!
I gotta go stop that bomb!
Nice try, but where do you think you're going!
Bathroom!
You just went!
Uh, gift shop!
Not on this train!
I'm hungry!
You're not Genta!
Uh, fine.  I'm going to stop a bomb from going off!
Yeah right!
Shinichi:  No good, I'll have to try something else.
[emotionally]  Hey Ran... there's something I need to tell you.
You know what, you need to start calling me Ran-neechan from now on!
Wh-what?
Ran-neechan!
Look, Ran, I know this series is based
on the japanese version of the show
BUT WE'RE NOT GOING THAT FAR!
Train Announcer:  Attention all passengers...
Remember to use the outside deck when talking on your cellphone
to avoid looking like a total douche in front of the other passengers!
Shinichi:  That's it, it must be the lady with the cellphone who has the bomb!
Hey guys!  Ran says she's a 4Kids lover!
You horrible bitch!
Ayumi:  Say it ain't so!
Mitsuhiko:  You'll burn in hell!
Shinichi:  Crap, I've only got a few seconds before it goes off!
I've gotta use these special shoes that Professer Agasa gave me to get rid of it!
Ow.
How- How did you do that?
I LIKE SOCCER!
THAT WAS MY LUNCH!
What was in there?
Lady:  12-alarm firehouse chilli!
Shinichi:  Well it turns out those guys were just joking with eachother
about the bomb.
But they were later arrested for jay-walking.
maybe I shouldn't stick my nose where it doesn't belong?
Nah, what fun would that be?
Captions by martialmichael126
Next Conan's useless hint
Aliens!